Briefly describe your understanding of what the browser does, including definitions of the following:
A browser provides a way for computers to interact with each other via HTTP protocol. The browser allows the user to view HTML files and navigate the Web.

client - a computer on the receiving end of requests in HTTP protocol.

server - a computer that provides documents, images, and other files to a client.

render - the process of converting text and image data to a human-viewable document.

What is HTML? In your answer, include definitions of the following:
HTML is hypertext markup language, and it tells the web browser how to display the content of a web page. 

tag - A tag is used for creating an HTML element.

element - An element is a part of a webpage that may contain a data item, an image, text, or nothing at all.

node - a node is an element, it can be an element node or an attribute node, or any other type of HTML element.

attribute - an attribute changes the tag behavior by adding the form "name=value" following the tag name in the opening tag.

block element - a block element appears within the body of an HTML document and occupies the entire space of its container and has a newline before and after. Block elements may contain inline elements.

inline element - an inline element is delineated by tags that wrap around the element, and it only occupies the space within those tags. 

Very briefly, explain the purpose of the following elements:

head - The head holds metadata that describes a website. This information is not visible on the site.

body - The body holds HTML elements that can be seen by the website user.

p - The name of a tag that represents a paragraph element.

form - the form tag is an element that represents a section that contains interactive controls to submit information.

div - a block element generic container for content.

span - a tag name for a container for an inline element.

select - an element that represents a control for a drop-down menu. The options are represented by wrapping an element in <option></option> tags.

h2 - a header tag, that implies.

ol - a tag that denotes an ordered list.

ul - a tag that denotes an unordered (bulleted) list.

table - an element that represents tabular data, like a chart or spreadsheet.

tr - a tag that defines a table row.

td - a tag that defines a table column.

https://github.com/melaniegershman/eow-assignments/blob/master/wk2_review_and_reflect.txt
